Coursera Capstone
IBM Data Science
Building a New Apartment Complex in Indianapolis, Indiana


Introduction
While many things have changed for real estate developers in regards to apartment complexes over the years there are some things that
have not. One of the things that has not changed in the fact that location is everything. Developers want to make sure the buildings
they build are going to be in high demaind for years to come. With Indianapolis being such a large city with such a wide-ranging
demographic it's important to know who your target renter is. Do we want a building closer to a university in order to attract students
year after year? Or closer to downtown in order to attract young business professionals with a consistent income?

Business Problem
The main objective for this capstone project is to analyze and determine where the best locations is in the city of Indianapolis for
a new apartment building. Using data science methodology as well as machine learning techniques I have learned throughout this course
my mission is to provide an answer to the following business question:

In the city of Indianapolis, Indiana where would I recommend building an apartment complex if a real estate developer is needing
to know?


Data Being Used
1. List of neighborhoods in Indianapolis.
2. Latitude and Longitude coordinates for the respective neighborhoods which si required in order to obtain venue data
and plot any necessary maps.
3. Data related to other apartment complexes and where they are located throughout the city.

The data regarding the neighborhoods in Indianapolis will be pulled from the following URL:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Indianapolis_neighborhoods. This site lists the neighborhoods in Indianapolis.
As with the previous cases regarding NYC and Toronto I will be utilizing Python requests and the BeautifulSoup
packages as well as the Geocoder to obtain the latitude and longitude coordinates neeeded.

I will the utilize the Foursquare API which we used in the other cases as well in order to obtain the necessary venue
data in order to complete the case. Currently, Foursquare has one of the largest databases available with over
105 million places and is being used by more than 125,000 developers. As with the previous cases I will be able to
utlize some of the skills I've learned thorughout this course including web scraping, data cleaning/wrangling, clustering,
mapping, working with the Foursqaure API and more.


